docs(primbench) add general primbench doc (#10493)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: shared/primbench/docs/how-to/configure-settings.rst

.. code:: cpp

   primbench::settings settings;
   settings.min_gpu_ms_per_batch    = 100;
   settings.noise_tolerance_percent = 2;
   primbench::executor executor(argc, argv, settings);

C++20 designated initializers
------------------------------

With C++20 or later, use designated initializers for a more compact form:

.. code:: cpp

   primbench::executor executor(argc,
                                argv,
                                {
                                    .min_gpu_ms_per_batch = 100,
                                    .noise_tolerance_percent = 2,
                                });

All settings are written verbatim to ``context.settings`` in the JSON output. If an option is provided both programmatically and on the command line, the command-line value takes precedence.

Add custom CLI arguments
=========================

Benchmarks can register additional options that appear in ``--help`` output. Call ``executor.get<T>()`` with the option name, a default value, and a description string:

.. code:: cpp

   size_t dimensions = executor.get<size_t>("dimensions", 3, "The number of dimensions");

> When the user passes ``--dimensions 5`` on the command line, ``dimensions`` receives the value ``5``. If there are any custom options, they are written to ``context.custom_settings`` in the JSON output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you pass ``--dimensions 5`` on the command line, ``dimensions`` receives the value ``5``. If there are any custom options, they are written to ``context.custom_settings`` in the JSON output.
```
